code/README.md, before:

![how it works](../img/title_howitworks.png)

We find the vertices of the center polygon, then extend axis lines from the
center through each vertex (shown in red below).  This creates the sectors of
our reference frame that we will use to unwrap the image.  The following script
contains the code that locates the vertices (commented for your reading).
Running it directly will parse and display an image for testing.
    
```
Parse a test image:
> python parse.py
```

![parse](../img/parse.jpg)

Once we have the reference frame, we can build a mathematical projection to
unwrap the image such that each of the detected axis lines are made vertical
(math details below). Then we apply it to the image with an OpenGL fragment
shader, which uses GPU acceleration for fast pixel mapping.  (This was a little
awkward to get working because OpenGL is not intended for batch
image-processing.)  The following script contains the code that does this
(commented for your reading).  Running it directly will parse, unwrap, and
display an image for testing.

```
Unwrap a test image:
> python unwrap.py
```

![unwrap](../img/unwrap.jpg)

Notice that the unwrapped image has black gaps signifying pixels that could not
be retrieved from the original image due to its limited window.  Also notice
that the projection can be quite distorted in areas.  This results from
inherent errors in the reference frame and the lack of mathematics in the
projection to account for 3D rotation of the image.  The projection as it is
now assumes that the optical axis is perpendicular to the surface of the game.
The following is an animated excerpt from unwrap.py that describes the math.

![diagram](../img/diag.gif)

Commit message:

revised description of math assumptions in code readme

code/README.md, after:

![how it works](../img/title_howitworks.png)

We find the vertices of the center polygon, then extend axis lines from the
center through each vertex (shown in red below).  This creates the sectors of
our reference frame that we will use to unwrap the image.  The following script
contains the code that locates the vertices (commented for your reading).
Running it directly will parse and display an image for testing.
    
```
Parse a test image:
> python parse.py
```

![parse](../img/parse.jpg)

Once we have the reference frame, we can build a mathematical projection to
unwrap the image such that each of the detected axis lines are made vertical
(math details below). Then we apply it to the image with an OpenGL fragment
shader, which uses GPU acceleration for fast pixel mapping.  (This was a little
awkward to get working because OpenGL is not intended for batch
image-processing.)  The following script contains the code that does this
(commented for your reading).  Running it directly will parse, unwrap, and
display an image for testing.

```
Unwrap a test image:
> python unwrap.py
```

![unwrap](../img/unwrap.jpg)

Notice that the unwrapped image has black gaps signifying pixels that could not
be retrieved from the original image due to its limited window.  Also notice
that the projection can be quite distorted in areas.  This results from
inherent errors in the reference frame and the lack of mathematics in the
projection to account for 3D rotation of the image.  The projection as it is
now assumes that all walls in a sector are parallel, which seems to only be
true when the optical axis is perpendicular to the surface of the game.
Following this assumption, here is an animated excerpt from unwrap.py that
describes the projection:

![diagram](../img/diag.gif)
